What is Asymmetric Encryption?
-> 1) you use two different keys one for encryption and other for decryption.
   2) The key used for encryption is the public key and the key used for decryption is the private key 
	
   e.g. If Alice needs to send a message Bob both the keys must be belongs to Bob.

   // The process for the above exampe is : 
	a) Alice uses Bob's public key to encrypt the message
	b) The encrypted message is sent to Bob
	c) Bob uses his private key to decrypt the message

   // The above process elimintes the need to exchange any secrete key between the sender and the receiver


What are the digital signatures ? 
-> 1) Digital signatures server the purpose of the authentication and the verification of documents and the files.
   2) They work on the public key cryptography architecture 
   3) In the digital signature it is opposite to the asymmetric encryption that is private key is used to encryption and public key is used to decryption.
	
   // The process for the digital signature
	a) M (Plaintext) original message it is first passed inot hash function denotes by H# to scramble the data before transmission
	b) It then bundle the message together with the hash digest denoted by h and encrypts it using the sender's private key
	c) It sends the encrypted bundle of the message and digest to the reveiver who decrypts is using the sender's private key
	d) Once decrytped it passes the message through the same hash functino (H#) to generate the hash digest again
	e) It compares the newly generated hash with the hash receiver in the decrypted bundle. If they mathc it verifies the data integrity

  // There are two industry standerd ways to implements the above methodology :
	1) RSA Algorithm 
	2) DSA Algorithm
 

What is RSA Algorithm ?
-> 1) The RSA algorithm is a public-key signature algorithm develop by Ron Rivest , Adi Shamir and Leonard Adleman
   2) It is asymmetric encryption uses.
   3) There are two broad components when it comes to RSA cryptography they are :
	a) Key Generations : Generating the keys to be used for encrypting and decrypting the data to exchanges
	b) Encryption/Decryption : The steps that need to run when scrambling and recovering the data.
